Add a tutorial on how to join the DAL as a baker on Weeklynet (#263)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/tutorials.mdx

  link="Start tutorial"
/>

<TutorialCard

>   title="Running the DAL as a Weeklynet baker, in 5 steps"

Reviewer: Title reads weird as we don't run the DAL (it entails we somehow own it?) but rather join/participate in it with a baker?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title="Joining the Tezos DAL as a Weeklynet baker, in 5 steps"
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe even remove the mention of Weeklynet, which will be replaced by other testnets when protocol 0 goes out:
```suggestion
  title="Running the DAL as a baker, in 5 steps"
```

Reviewer 3: How about "Running a baker on the DAL?"

Author: In f8ac5c1 I went for "How to join the Tezos DAL as baker, in 5 steps".
